WEEK1-2 Report by Wenxi Xie
I joint this DBS as intern 2 weeks ago, under MOT risk. During the first week, a friendly HR colleague brought me around the buildings to get familiar with my new working environment. I attended the code training and enrolment training which makes me know more about the company culture and their coding rules. And I had been introduced to a large project called DBS Celerity that aims to deal with extracting data and performing analysis. My manager also let me joint their meeting with clients to gather new requirements. I installed necessary software, set up the developing environment and started to work on a project that extracting data from shared drive by first week.
On the second week, I work from home, I experienced online working environment and became comfortable to work on Virtual Machine and using VPNs. My developing team involved me in the daily scrum meeting, I built a prototype of my assigned task and demo to my teams during the weekly update meeting. The current project is very large containing many third-party API and in house developed authorizing structures, therefore I went through a tough time integrating my task into the current project. After that I received new requirement to add into my prototype. I started to learn SFTP protocol and Linux comment by the end of the week.

WEEK 3-4 Report by Wenxi Xie
During the third week, I went through another series of training about Jenkins developing progress, bitbucket, cloud foundry, application security, microservice and continuous delivery,  and I was able to build program using SFTP protocol as required, and I became familiar to use linux comment to check loggers as well as execute some task. My team started the testing phase of the program I developed. We test, find features to be enhanced, implement and redeploy. I learnt a lot from this progress, the most useful one is if we stuck somewhere, we move on rather than going deeper and deeper to find solution, try to talk to teammate for advice or try another method, this can keep productivity and efficiency of developing.
On the fourth week, my program has been enhanced and passed the test, we deployed it into test server and asked users to test. This task enriches me with knowledge of how sftp protocol works, Java framework such as Angular and Springbot, Heidi and H2 database. By the middle of the week, we gathered new requirement from users and I had been assigned a new task, Rest API and S3 database, I started to learn cURL comment, AmazonS3 and JpaRepository. By the end of the week, I built a prototype program that able to execute cURL comment but still need to work on it to optimize the performance.


WEEK 5-6 Report by Wenxi Xie
During the fifth week, I created the REST API that allow user to modify the database using cURL comment. And after I received feedback from my manager and teammate, I optimized this function by adding in permission function, security filter and return result information. This function is eventually implemented in 2 features of the project and send to testing team for deployment test. The rest of the week, I am dealing with deployment documentation, demonstration of the functions to testing team, refine UAT and fixing bugs discovered. I also hangout with colleagues from SEEDers & SGUnited programme and had a half day off on Thursday due to Chinese New Year.
The first day of Sixth week is my off day because of Chinese New Year, on the second day, the company hold a virtual lunch meeting which allowed me to have lunch virtually with all my department colleagues. This is the first time I met all of them, we became familiar during the 3 hours virtual lunch session. The rest of the week, I was working on the stability and functional testing for deploying the program on all the server, optimizing the program structure and fix bugs gathered from UAT feedback including some buttons of the program not working, sever not responding, some timing function not working, granting permission to the testing teams etc. I also give hand to help my teammates fixing their raised issue while they are busy with higher priority task. By the end of the week, our team decide to deploy the program to user by the following week.

WEEK 7-8 Report by Wenxi Xie
During the seventh week, I Deployed Celerity Crane and Celerity Data Explorer which are the two tasks I did during the previous month into production, created new security groups for the new features and populated the instances for production environment, and I have been assigned a new task that need to write program on both Celerity Query Runner and a new project called Golden Gate, the task is to allow the transfer of files from s3 server to the data drive. Also, I fixed some issue gathered from testing teams and reply emails to support the team.
On the eighth week, I continually working on the golden gate, learnt how to deploy a project in Linux environment and how to link two different servers. I finished the file transfer task by the mid of the week and started a feature that is required by the file query function, the feature is to allow the downloaded files be able to be shared to the data drive, Data Drive is another project that I might need to work on next week, it is used to view the shared files. I finished the share task on query runner side by Friday and we deployed it into production for demo. An urgent issue I fixing with my team this week is multiple servers keep on crash due to run out of memory, we trying to solve it by cleaning up the project to release memory and optimize the server. This is an on going issue, we will try to close it by next week.




