WEEK1-2 Report by Wenxi Xie
I joint this DBS as intern 2 weeks ago, under MOT risk. During the first week, a friendly HR colleague brought me around the buildings to get familiar with my new working environment. I attended the code training and enrolment training which makes me know more about the company culture and their coding rules. And I had been introduced to a large project called DBS Celerity that aims to deal with extracting data and performing analysis. My manager also let me joint their meeting with clients to gather new requirements. I installed necessary software, set up the developing environment and started to work on a project that extracting data from shared drive by first week.
On the second week, I work from home, I experienced online working environment and became comfortable to work on Virtual Machine and using VPNs. My developing team involved me in the daily scrum meeting, I built a prototype of my assigned task and demo to my teams during the weekly update meeting. The current project is very large containing many third-party API and in house developed authorizing structures, therefore I went through a tough time integrating my task into the current project. After that I received new requirement to add into my prototype. I started to learn SFTP protocol and Linux comment by the end of the week.

WEEK 3-4 Report by Wenxi Xie
During the third week, I went through another series of training about Jenkins developing progress, bitbucket, cloud foundry, application security, microservice and continuous delivery,  and I was able to build program using SFTP protocol as required, and I became familiar to use linux comment to check loggers as well as execute some task. My team started the testing phase of the program I developed. We test, find features to be enhanced, implement and redeploy. I learnt a lot from this progress, the most useful one is if we stuck somewhere, we move on rather than going deeper and deeper to find solution, try to talk to teammate for advice or try another method, this can keep productivity and efficiency of developing.
On the fourth week, my program has been enhanced and passed the test, we deployed it into test server and asked users to test. This task enriches me with knowledge of how sftp protocol works, Java framework such as Angular and Springbot, Heidi and H2 database. By the middle of the week, we gathered new requirement from users and I had been assigned a new task, Rest API and S3 database, I started to learn cURL comment, AmazonS3 and JpaRepository. By the end of the week, I built a prototype program that able to execute cURL comment but still need to work on it to optimize the performance.


